Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to
explain a horror and thriller film called
"I Spit On Your Grave." Spoilers
ahead! Watch out and take care.
Jennifer Hills, a novelist from New York
City, travels to Louisiana to write her
second novel. Along the way, she stops at a shop
to get the keys to the cabin she'll stay at.
At the shop, a man named Earl hands her the
keys before instructing her how to get there.
According to Jennifer, the purpose of her
trip is for some peace while she writes.
On the way there, Jennifer gets confused about
the roads, so she pulls up at a gas station for
some help. There, she meets Johnny, one of
the attendants, who points which direction
she should go. Johnny attempts to make a
move on Jennifer, but she scares him after
accidentally pressing her panic button. He spills
a bucket of fluid, causing Andy and Stanley,
his friends, to laugh at him. As Jennifer
drives off, Johnny's embarrassment is evident.
After the long stretch of road, Jennifer finally
arrives at the cabin, which will be her home for
the months to come. She immediately unpacks
her belongings, ready to embark on a change of
environment. The following day, Jennifer relaxes
by the lake after days of working on her novel.
She hears suspicious noises but does not pay
much mind to them. However, the noises reoccur
and make her uneasy. Jennifer walks across the
nearby shed to check, but she finds nothing but
bottles of poison inside. She accidentally spills
her drink onto her clothes and goes to the kitchen
to wash off the stain. In there, an unknown
person is secretly documenting her half-naked.
The following day, she jogs through the
woods and stumbles upon an abandoned cabin.
Out of curiosity, Jennifer enters
to check how it looks like inside.
However, she does not find anything
interesting and continues to go about her day.
Back home, she discovers that her sink and
toilet are clogged, urging her to call a plumber,
Matthew. He suffers from a mental disability,
hence his stuttering way of talking. After he
fixes the problem in her bathroom, Jennifer
gets giddy and gives Matthew an abrupt kiss.
For a moment, the shy Matthew blushes
and runs outside because of it.
In the woods, Andy, Stanley, and
Johnny hang out and kill birds for fun.
The brutality is recorded by Stanley, who has
a passion for documenting anything random. Not
long after, Matthew arrives and tells the group
how he received a kiss from Jennifer. Johnny does
not believe him, but Stanley confirms that it is
real before showing a video of her in underwear.
At nightfall, Jennifer still hears the creepy
noises around the house and becomes more
bothered by them. She sees a lifeless bird
just outside her door, but other than that,
she finds nothing. Upon returning inside, she
sees her laptop with the group photo of the
guys she met days before. She looks at it in
horror before realizing that they are inside.
Johnny, Stanley, and Andy taunt Jennifer
altogether, causing fear to the poor lady.
Stanley calls Matthew, and Johnny drags him inside
so he could also participate in their scheme.
As the leader, Johnny initiates the group
into threatening and letting Jennifer drink.
When she refuses, Johnny becomes more agitated,
leaving her no choice but to abide by his orders.
He then asks Jennifer to show him
her teeth and pulls her closer.
Johnny pulls out a gun and forces it on
Jennifer's mouth in a sensual manner.
Andy approaches her and does the same thing, but
with liquor, while Johnny forces Matthew to watch.
Jennifer finds the courage to hit Andy's
knee before pepper-spraying Stanley.
It allows her to escape into
the woods and run to safety.
Jennifer bumps into Storch, the local
sheriff, along with Earl. In tears,
Jennifer informs the two men of the
assault that she has experienced recently.
Storch calms her down by showing his badge,
informing her that she is now in safe hands.
The sheriff tells Earl to go home as he
will accompany Jennifer back to the cabin.
Moments later, Storch drives with Jennifer
back to the cabin to confront the group.
He bravely calls them out while looking for
them inside the cabin. Upon examining the
scene, Storch finds the broken bottle of
alcohol and a joint belonging to Jennifer.
He begins to interrogate Jennifer despite
her pleas for help as if she is not a victim.
According to him, she has no right to make
false accusations about the men he knew since
they were kids. Storch then orders Jennifer to
face the window as he pats her down. However,
he touches her improperly, revealing that Storch
is the group's accomplice as the boys enter.
While Storch points a shotgun at her,
he orders Jennifer to get on her knees.
Johnny picks her up while ordering Matthew to
remove his pants. At the moment, Jennifer is
helpless, to say the least, with five heartless
men; her chance of survival is at stake. Stanley
records the whole thing while Matthew begins to
force himself on Jennifer until he is satisfied.
Despite being weak, Jennifer manages to
gather her strength and get out of the cabin.
Further into the woods, she stumbles upon the
group again, where more sufferings await her.
Andy drags Jennifer near a puddle and submerges
her head a couple of times. As she lays on
the ground, Storch removes his pants to force
himself on her, ignoring her cries for mercy.
After the men take turns on Jennifer, she
gains consciousness and is now covered in dirt.
Jennifer gets up once again to go further
into the woods in the hope of some real help.
Still unhinged from the hell she has
been through, she reaches the bridge
while the five men continuously follow her.
Just when Storch is about to shoot her,
Jennifer lets herself fall into
the river, leaving no trace.
The group searches for her, but they have no luck
tracking her body anywhere. As an alternative,
they destroy evidence left behind, especially
Stanley's recordings. After the eventful day,
Storch returns home, where his wife and daughter,
Chastity, welcomes him. As if nothing happened,
he spends the night at home without any remorse
for his actions. The next day, Storch stops by
Earl's shop to return the keys to the cabin,
saying that Jennifer left without notice.
Weeks pass, and the group goes on with their
lives as if nothing happened. Apart from the rest,
Matthew is the only one that feels remorse
and spends most of his time in the woods.
One day, he gets a vision of Jennifer
staring at him in a ghostly way.
Matthew covers his eyes out of fear and gets
under the idea that Jennifer is haunting him.
While Andy and Johnny are hanging out for some
drinks, they see Stanley running toward them.
With worry in his voice, he informs
the voice that his camera has been
stolen before revealing that
he kept the controversial tape.
Johnny gets in a fit of rage and starts
beating Stanley up for putting them at risk.
That night, Johnny hears noises outside
his home and checks outside to find a dead
bird on the porch. He kicks it off before
returning inside. When he goes back inside,
he hears it again and comes out with a gun.
To his surprise, the dead bird is lying on
his porch once again, the culprit unknown.
When Johnny hears it again, he rushes outside
to see Jennifer's slipper on the porch and
tries to chase the sound but to no avail.
Meanwhile, Storch comes home to his wife, who
informs him that a package has been delivered.
To his horror, he finds one of Stanley's tapes and
is relieved that neither his wife nor daughter has
seen it. Storch quickly drives off to meet
with the group, who are nervous to see him.
Immediately, Storch threatens Stanley, thinking
that he is playing a prank on him. To defend his
friend, Johnny shows the slipper, suspecting
that Matthew is responsible for everything.
On their hunting trip, Storch hands
Earl a bottle of whiskey and shoots him.
The reason behind it is Earl is
one of the loose ends to the crime,
as he saw Storch accompanying
Jennifer back to the cabin.
Still troubled by his visions, Matthew returns
to the cabin to reflect on his actions. Out of
nowhere, he hears Jennifer's voice calling out to
him, so he comes inside. He ends up falling down
the stairs and knocks himself out. As he gains
consciousness, he sees Jennifer in the flesh,
sitting on the couch. Jennifer invites him to
sit beside her, and he repeatedly apologizes
for what he did to her. Matthew clings to her
while sobbing as guilt overtakes him. Jennifer
comforts and calms him down but later puts a noose
tight around his neck. Matthew continuously says
sorry despite gasping for air, but Jennifer
replies that an apology is not good enough.
The resurfacing of pieces of evidence prompts
the group to look for Matthew in the woods.
After several minutes of searching for him,
Andy and Stanley end up in an abandoned cabin.
Andy enters while Stanley remains outside
to search for any signs of Matthew.
There, he shockingly sees Jennifer
standing across him, giving out a smirk.
When Stanley advances on her, he steps on a
bear trap that she set up and calls for Andy,
who gets hit with a bat. Both of them lose
consciousness after Jennifer also hits Stanley.
After some time, Jennifer ties Stanley to
a tree and records him with his camera.
She brings out a dead rodent and shoves
it in his mouth, which makes him vomit.
Jennifer then sets up the camera before
using fish hooks to keep his eyes wide open.
While recording him, Jennifer guts a
fish and spreads its insides all over
Stanley's face. The scent of the fish guts
attracts numerous crows that begin to peck him.
After some time, his eyeballs are eaten
by the birds, and he bleeds to death.
Meanwhile, Andy wakes up inside the run-down
cabin, tied on a few boards over a bathtub.
The water in the tub keeps rising just
as Jennifer enters to check on him.
Andy begs her to let him go, but she is sure about
inflicting the same torture that she went through.
Jennifer repeatedly submerges his head into the
water before throwing in some lye and removing one
of the planks. Andy is left with no choice but to
hold himself up with all his strength to stay up,
but his body eventually falls
into the water. Because of this,
Andy's face is eventually
burned, causing death upon him.
The following day, Jennifer stops by the
local gas station where Johnny works.
She seduces him by wearing a short skirt
and attacks him the moment he comes close.
As part of her plan, she brings him back to the
cabin to release her wrath upon him. When Johnny
gains consciousness, he finds himself tied to the
ceiling without any clothing. His torment begins
when Jennifer pulls out his teeth one by one using
pliers, making him realize his mistakes. Jennifer
brings out a gun and forces it on Johnny's mouth,
just like what he did to her. However, he manages
to laugh, which makes Jennifer more agitated.
Using hedge clippers, she cuts Johnny's private
part before shoving it in his mouth. He screams
in terror before eventually bleeding to death.
Finally, Jennifer is down to her last
target: Storch. The sheriff receives
a call from his family, receiving news
that Chastity's teacher is at their home.
On the phone, Jennifer greets Storch, leaving
him in a state of disbelief. Out of concern for
his family, he quickly drives back home, only
to find out that Chastity came with Jennifer.
Storch arrives at an empty playground with his
daughter still out of sight. Worries start to
overtake him, and he runs back to the cop
car, where Jennifer knocks him unconscious.
Upon waking up, he finds himself inside the cabin
with a rifle shoved inside him. Showing no mercy,
Jennifer talks about how nice Chastity is
and how he could stomach assaulting a woman.
She shoves the rifle deeper, causing
unimaginable pain to the sheriff.
Across the room, Jennifer reveals
that Matthew is alive but unconscious.
A string attached to the trigger is tied around
Matthew's wrist, which will kill both men if he
moves. At this point, Storch desperately begs for
his life, but Jennifer completely ignores him.
Unbothered by his cries, Jennifer walks out of
the cabin, patiently waiting for the situation to
take its turn. Matthew eventually wakes up, urging
Storch to calm him down. However, Matthew's mental
incapacity causes him to panic and unknowingly
pull the trigger, ending their lives. Outside,
Jennifer realizes that she has gotten her
revenge, and she celebrates with a faint smile.
After experiencing the worst kind of torture any
woman could imagine, Jennifer refused to let the
men win. She took matters into her own hands and
inflicted the pain she thought the men deserved.
Throughout the story, every man received
similar torture to what they did on Jennifer.
In the end, Jennifer turned her pain into power.